ASBA* Simple, Safe, Smart
way of Application!!!
*Applications Supported by Blocked Amount
("ASBA") is a better way of applying to offers by
simply blocking the fund in the bank account.
For further details, check section on ASBA.
Mandatory in public issues.
No cheque will be accepted.

\n\n
IIFL CAPITAL
IIFL Capital Services Limited
(Formerly known as IIFL Securities Limited)
24th Floor, One Lodha Place, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel (W)
Mumbai 400 013, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91 22 4646 4728
E-mail: standardglass.ipo@iiflcap.com
Investor grievance e-mail: ig.ib@iificap.com
Website: www.iificap.com
Contact person: Nishita Mody/Pawan Jain
SEBI registration no.: INM000010940

\n\n
MOTILAL OSWAL
INVESTMENT BANKING
Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited
Motilal Oswal Tower, Rahimtullah Sayani Road, Opposite Parel ST
Depot, Prabhadevi, Mumbai 400 025, Maharashtra, India
Tel: +91 22 7193 4380
E-mail: standardglassipo@motilaloswal.com
Investor grievance e-mail: moiaplredressal@motilaloswal.com
Website: www.motilaloswalgroup.com
Contact person: Sankita Ajinkya/ Ritu Sharma
SEBI registration no.: INM000011005

\n\n
KFINTECH
EXPERIENCE TRANSFORMATION
KFin Technologies Limited
Selenium, Tower B, Plot No. 31 and 32, Financial District
Nanakramguda, Serilingampally, Hyderabad 500 032, Telangana, India
Telephone: +91 40 6716 2222
E-mail: sgitl.ipo@kfintech.com
Investor Grievance e-mail: einward.ris@kfintech.com
Website: www.kfintech.com
Contact Person: M. Murali Krishna
SEBI Registration No.: INR000000221

\n\n
Kallam Hima Priya
10th Floor, PNR High Nest, Hydernagar, KPHB Colony,
Hyderabad, Telangana - 500085, India
Telephone: 040 3518 2204
E-mail: corporate@standardgir.com


\n\n
UPI-Now available in ASBA for Retail Individual Investors and Non Institutional Investor applying in public issues where the application amount is up to 500,000, applying through Registered Brokers, Syndicate, CDPs & RTAS. Retail Individual Investors
and Non-Institutional Investors also have the option to submit the application directly to the ASBA Bank (SCSBs) or to use the facility of linked online trading, demat and bank account. Investors are required to ensure that the bank account used for
bidding is linked to their PAN. Bidders must ensure that their PAN is linked with Aadhaar and are in compliance with CBDT notification dated February 13, 2020 and press release dated June 25, 2021 read with press release dated September 17, 2021,
CBDT Circular No. 7 of 2022 dated March 30, 2022 read with the press release dated March 28, 2023, and any subsequent press releases in this regard.
ASBA has to be availed by all the investors exceptAnchor Investors. UPI may be availed by (i) Retail Individual Bidders in the Retail Portion; (ii) Non-Institutional Bidders with an application size of up to 500,000 in the Non-Institutional Portion. For details on the ASBA and UPI process, please refer to
the details given in the Bid Cum Application Form and abridged prospectus and also please refer to the section "Offer Procedure" on page 508 of the RHP. The process is also available on the website of Association of Investment Bankers of India ("AIBI") and Stock Exchanges and in the General
Information Document. The Bid Cum Application Form and the Abridged Prospectus can be downloaded from the websites of BSE Limited ("BSE") and National Stock Exchange of India Limited ("NSE", and together with BSE, the "Stock Exchanges") and can be obtained from the list of banks that is
displayed on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi=yes&intmld=35 and https://www.sebi.gov.in/sebiweb/other/OtherAction.do?doRecognisedFpi-yes &intmld=43, respectively as updated from time to time. For the list of UPI apps and banks live on
IPO, please refer to the link: www.sebi.gov.in. UPI Bidders Bidding using the UPI Mechanism may apply through the SCSBs and mobile applications whose names appear on the website of SEBI, as updated from time to time. ICICI Bank Limited have been appointed as the Sponsor Banks for the Offer,
in accordance with the requirements of SEBI circular dated November 1, 2018 as amended. For Offer related queries, please contact the Book Running Lead Manager ("BRLMs") on their respective email IDs as mentioned below. For UPI related queries, investors can contact NPCI at the toll free
number: 18001201740 and mail Id: ipo.upi@npci.org.in.


\n\n
AVAILABILITY OF THE RHP: Investors are advised to refer to the RHP and the "Risk Factors" beginning on page 58 of the RHP before applying in the Offer. A copy of the
RHP is available on the website of SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in and is available on the websites of the BRLMs, IIFL Capital Services Limited (formerly known as IIFL Securities
Limited) at www.iiflcap.com and Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited at www.motilaloswalgroup.com respectively, the website of the Company, at
www.standardglr.com and the websites of the Stock Exchanges, for BSE at www.bseindia.com and for NSE at www.nseindia.com.

\n\n
AVAILABILITY OF THE ABRIDGED PROSPECTUS: A copy of the Abridged Prospectus shall be available on the website of the Company, the BRLMs and the Registrar to
the Offer at www.iiflcap.com and www.motilaloswalgroup.com, respectively.

\n\n
AVAILABILITY OF BID CUMAPPLICATION FORM: Bid cum Application Formcan be obtained from the Registered Office of our Company, STANDARD GLASS LINING
TECHNOLOGY LIMITED: Telephone: 040 3518 2204; BRLMS: IIFL Capital Services Limited (formerly known as IIFL Securities Limited): Tel: +91 22 4646 4728 and
Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited: Tel: +91 227193 4380 and Syndicate Members: Motilal Oswal Financial Services Limited: Telephone: +91 22 71934380/+91
22 7193 4263 and at selected locations of Sub-Syndicate Members (as given below), Registered Brokers, SCSBs, Designated RTA Locations and Designated CDP
Locations for participating in the Offer. Bid cum Application Forms will also be available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges at www.bseindia.com and
www.nseindia.com and at all the Designated Branches of SCSBs, the list of which is available on the websites of the Stock Exchanges and SEBI. SUB-SYNDICATE
MEMBERS: Anand Rathi Share & Stock Brokers Ltd., Axis Capital Ltd, HDFC

\n\n
Securities Ltd, LKP Securities Limited, ICICI Securities Ltd, JM Financial Services Ltd, Kotak Securities Ltd, Nuvama Wealth and Investment Limited, RR Equity Brokers
Pvt. Ltd., SBICAP Securities Ltd, ShareKhan Limited, SMC Global Securities Ltd., Yes Securities India Ltd.
Public Offer Account Bank and Sponsor Bank: HDFC Bank Limited
Escrow Collection Bank, Sponsor Bank and Refund Bank: ICICI Bank Limited
UPI: UPI Bidders can also Bid through UPI Mechanism.
All capitalised terms used herein and not specifically defined shall have the same meaning as ascribed to them in the RHP.
Place: Hyderabad
Date: December 30, 2024

\n\n
Investors can contact the Company Secretary and Compliance Officer or the
Registrar to the Offer in case of any pre-Offer or post-Offer related grievances, such
as non-receipt of letters of Allotment, non-credit of Allotted Equity Shares in the
respective beneficiary account, non-receipt of refund orders or non-receipt of funds by
electronic mode, etc. For all Offer-related queries and for redressal of complaints,
investors may also write to the BRLMs.

\n\n
STANDARD GLASS LINING TECHNOLOGY LIMITED is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, to undertake an initial public offer of its Equity Shares and has filed the RHP dated December 30, 2024 with the RoC. The RHP is made available on the website of the SEBI at www.sebi.gov.in
as well as on the of the BRLMs i.e., IIFL Capital Services Limited (formerly known as IIFL Securities Limited) at Website: www.iiflcap.com and Motilal Oswal Investment Advisors Limited at www.motilaloswalgroup.com, the website of the NSE at www.nseindia.com and the website of the BSE atwww.bseindia.com and the website of the Company
at www.standardglr.com. Any potential investor should note that investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such risks, please see the section titled "Risk Factors" beginning on page 58 of the RHP. Potential investors should not rely on the Draft Red Herring Prospectus dated July 24, 2024 filed with SEBI
for making any investment decision.

\n\n
This announcement does not constitute an invitation or offer of securities for sale in any jurisdiction. The Equity Shares offered in the Offer have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") or any state securities laws in the United States, and unless so registered, may not be
offered or sold within the United States, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the U.S. Securities Act and in accordance with any applicable U.S. state securities laws. Accordingly, the Equity Shares are being offered and sold outside the United States in "offshore transactions" as
defined in, and in reliance on, Regulation S under the U.S. Securities Actand pursuant to the applicable laws of the jurisdictions where those offers and sales are made. There will be no public offering of the Equity Shares in the United States.



